EZP-31912: [2.5] Removed legacy references from File Management doc and fixed paths (#1142)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/file_management.md

                adapter: default
```

The 'default' Flysystem adapter's directory is based on your site settings, and will automatically be set to `%webroot_dir%/$var_dir$/$storage_dir$` (for example: `/path/to/ezplatform/web/var/site/storage`).

!!! note

>     When Legacy Bridge is enabled the path will be automatically set to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When Legacy Bridge is enabled, the path will be automatically set to
```

                adapter: default
```

> The 'default' Flysystem adapter's directory is based on your site settings, and will automatically be set to `%webroot_dir%/$var_dir$/$storage_dir$` (for example: `/path/to/ezplatform/web/var/site/storage`).

Reviewer 2: The original path will still be automatically correct if legacy bridge is installed, afaik.

Author: > The original path will still be automatically correct if legacy bridge is installed, afaik.

Hmm, ok. I can make a note here. Because w/o LB this piece of the doc is incorrect.

Author: > > The original path will still be automatically correct if legacy bridge is installed, afaik.
> 
> Hmm, ok. I can make a note here. Because w/o LB this piece of the doc is incorrect.

Added in relevant places via 2455169. Dropped /var/site/storage (or /var/ezdemo_site/storage) suffix because the doc root in this case needs to be set to the web root so the given examples make sense.

### IO URL decoration

> By default, images and binary files referenced by content will be served from the same server as the application, for example `/var/site/storage/images/3/6/4/6/6463-1-eng-GB/kidding.png`. This is the default semantic configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, images and binary files that are referenced by the content will be served from the same server as the application, for example `/var/site/storage/images/3/6/4/6/6463-1-eng-GB/kidding.png`. 
This is the default semantic configuration:
```

### Using a static server for images

One common use case is to use an optimized nginx to serve images in an optimized way. The example image
above could be made available as `http://static.example.com/var/site/storage/images/3/6/4/6/6463-1-eng-GB/kidding.png`

> by setting up a separate server that maps `/path/to/ezplatform/web/var` directory. The configuration would be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by setting up a separate server that maps the `/path/to/ezplatform/web/var` directory. 
The configuration would be as follows:
```

                url_prefix: 'http://static.example.com/$var_dir$/$storage_dir$'
```

!!! caution

>     For security reasons it is recommended not to map `/path/to/ezplatform/web/` as a static server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For security reasons, do not map `/path/to/ezplatform/web/` as
```

>     Document Root. `/var/` directory should be mapped to `/path/to/ezplatform/web/var` directly instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Document Root of the static server. 
    Map the `/var/` directory directly to `/path/to/ezplatform/web/var` instead.
```
